such
frozen will probably fall into the red
book fish
our childhood takes out the foliage
Lobanovo and look the appearance and appearance
Salon decent that is, you open
thin layer of glaze
not behind windy yellow 5 observed
fins, too, did not turn yellow
the abdomen red without without yellow
oxidation of the inside is also not a pussy
if you sniff almost nothing
folders
a little fish to him
we defrost as usual so that
internal structure we gradually
defrosting the cold store
refrigerator temperature of 25 degrees
putting it in a container
and closing the battle in order not to
there was access of oxygen light and moisture
mug and put on the water chamber
12 hours have passed
open the container and pull out our
exotic red horse once more
we check it for a candle
ok just nice
fishy smell lessons should be on
cooking to the wolf will not let you
I got coal already without a head 30 songs and
buy
what is time to do on the show
along the creep do
break the infection
I found they are not very big then
cut off like that from the point a little bit
later you will shoot she went by herself
holding the meat with a knife neatly
shoot chickens, too, shoot like any
perch
better to do it from someone good
gaze
bass must be cut
its here on this side to the track
so that the skin does not cling and collect and
countries in this way and also remove
skin from the second half of this country
Got such a skinned red
perch pleasant-looking is not yet pleasant on
the taste of the composition now separate the meat from
bones i mean we were here
Practically already 9 hands over here
small at the same time can cut and
same red dorsal redfish perch
a flipper put these what a prickly
very sharp
bones desirable it immediately for the eternal
because many pinned pandas do it
so you can usually just the same in most
him and the lower fin is very shorter
so its better with a knife
sea ​​bass is not a river perch it
its structure of course is generally different
cuts with a thin knife Robert rib
bones can
Exactly free Moscow in this way
quietly separate the red bass meat
from the ridge and rib bones we get in
principle, he can buy the store he
usually perry ice cream from this will
tasty get what's so wants
soul mate from he is separating the meat from
happiness spinal turn it over
up bone fun and start gently
cut off the tincture different perch is it him
blind who freely relies
skin free to run from the bones of the sea
the red snapper is very scratchy and
meat keeps very tight on if you
want to leave on the body will train i will erase
work very thin like a surgeon alone
bones
with the help of a thin cut the files
red god don't rush especially so
more meat will stay on among 1 and this
paints on the bone can still be launched as
This is my fight Leon
best deal with such a task
liquid hands a-k no more patiently i
shit, and we get such underwear 2
or for cooking
perch baked different
mushrooms with onions and Olaf Russia